[16.0][ADD] product_packaging_level_purchasable (#1436)
OCA/product-attribute: product_packaging_level_purchasable/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

This module allows odoo users to set:

> * Can be purchased: On product packaging level model, this checkbox defines if product
>   packagings from this particular type are available to be selected on purchase
>   order line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can be purchased: On a product packaging level as default value for a new product packaging. On a product packaging to make it available or not on a purchase order line.
```
